Update index.md with additional information when using non Okta mastered groups (#1669)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-tokens-groups-claim/overview/index.md

You can add a Groups claim to ID tokens for any combination of App Groups and User Groups to perform single sign-on (SSO) using the Okta Org Authorization Server. You can also add a Groups claim to ID tokens and access tokens to perform authentication and authorization using a Custom Authorization Server.

> This guide walks you through creating a Groups claim for an OpenID Connect client application. This approach is recommended if you are using only Okta-mastered Groups. For non Okta mastered groups an expression will need to be used, detailed instructions can be followed [here](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/Can-we-retrieve-both-Active-Directory-and-Okta-groups-in-OpenID-Connect-claims?language=en_US). For an Okta Org Authorization Server, you can only create an ID token with a Groups claim, not an access token.

Reviewer: For groups not mastered in Okta, you need to use an expression. See [Retrieve both Active Directory and Okta groups in OpenID Connect claims](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/Can-we-retrieve-both-Active-Directory-and-Okta-groups-in-OpenID-Connect-claims?language=en_US) for more information.

> This guide walks you through creating a Groups claim for an OpenID Connect client application. This approach is recommended if you are using only Okta-mastered Groups. For non Okta mastered groups an expression will need to be used, detailed instructions can be followed [here](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/Can-we-retrieve-both-Active-Directory-and-Okta-groups-in-OpenID-Connect-claims?language=en_US). For an Okta Org Authorization Server, you can only create an ID token with a Groups claim, not an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through creating a Groups claim for an OpenID Connect client application. This approach is recommended if you are using only Okta-mastered Groups. For groups not mastered in Okta, you need to use an expression. See [Retrieve both Active Directory and Okta groups in OpenID Connect claims](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/Can-we-retrieve-both-Active-Directory-and-Okta-groups-in-OpenID-Connect-claims?language=en_US). For an Okta Org Authorization Server, you can only create an ID token with a Groups claim, not an access token.
```
